You do, of course, know what's taking place in the world right now, right?
The world is in shambles. In some places, flames are being whipped up,
space is distorting in a way that is carving up continents,
and many countries that once existed have fallen.
Right now, there are few places where you can live a decent life
other than here in the Tokyo Empire.
And so, people gather here in the relatively undamaged Tokyo,
where the Holy Sol Temple and Haijima Industries have developed
Amaterasu, the perpetual thermal energy plant.
The empire is the beneficiary of its vast energy,
and has also made further advancements.
Does this story keep going on?
Who knows? If it were up to me, I'd like it to continue.
So how did it go?
This stuff I had you make for me did some interesting things.
Special Fire Force Company 8, with that devil guy?
I did a little checking into them.
Their captain, Akitaru Obi, was decorated twice in his firefighter days.
He was also stripped of them twice.
"Akitaru Obi"
The reason why they stripped them is because
he disobeyed orders to give priority to life-saving.
Very nice. A model fireman, whether for good or bad.
You could say the 8th
has been built up on the strength of Obi's character and magnetism.
They're a different animal than the other companies.
It's fascinating.
"Shinra"
The darkness is illuminated
The days we've grown accustomed to walking are weeded out
My dream might be to make a stable living
but I'll moan over the lack of stimulation
The end is illuminated
Where are the streets we're accustomed to walking?
Time can sometimes be irksome,
but we're enveloped in warmth
Flames rise to show us the way
reminding us of a gentle melody
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
I just smile, thinking that's fine with me
If we shine, someday, our light will go out
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
Playthings that make sounds
and magic that chases pain away
are all precious treasures to me
There is no eternity, none at all, they say
We'll keep on walking until the day
the fire of our lives gets doused
"Episode 3: The Rookie Fire Soldier Games"
Yeah! The Rookie Games!
Tamaki Kotatsu is here to rock!
"Second Class Fire Soldier" "Third-generation pyrokinetic" "Tamaki Kotatsu"
Huh? What are you looking at?!
Nothing.
Wow!
Wone Wone Nyine!
Wone Wone Nyine?
You don't know them? They're the Fire Defense Agency's mascot characters,
Wone Wone Nyine!
But one of them is just an older man.
Ah, you mean Mamoru-kun?
Mamoru-kun...
The characters started out as two dogs and one cat,
but the higher-ups at the Fire Defense Agency
complained about all three of them being animals,
so one of them became a dog-faced older man.
What's wrong with having them be two dogs and a cat?
Huh? But Mamoru-kun is cute!
Eh?
Eh?!
That man was...
Excuse me!
Do you need something?
Are you one of the rookies that came in this year?
Yes, sir! Shinra Kusakabe, Special Fire Force Company 8!
Um, if you don't mind me asking, do you remember that fire 12 years ago?
I don't have time to chat with you right now. Excuse me.
I just need a moment!
Hey, you! Don't act so forward with my captain!
No, it's not like that! I'm sorry!
What are you smiling at, you pervert?!
Damn it! Why does my lucky lecher lure always have to activate?!
I know you stepped in to distract me, but that's really distracting.
Captain of the 1st, can I have just a moment?
The competition is about to begin.
All competitors, please put on your turnout gear and gather around.
You said your name was Shinra?
Do you know how many fires break out in a year?
I'm sorry, but I don't remember something that happened 12 years ago.
The competition is beginning. Go get ready.
He's hiding something, isn't he?
What is this?
You are all about to charge into this building
which will be simulating a fire scene.
After you overcome the obstacles and rescue those who require it,
be the first to reach the crewman posing as an Infernal.
So that's it. We're storming the castle.
Is everyone ready?
Start!
Is he that confident?
Then again, in my case...
...I can just fly up there!
Wha--?!
Dirty pool. This is why I hate devils.
Damn it!
Nekomata!
Heroes always arrive from the skies.
Pardon the intrusion.
I have to hurry and wrap up this contest,
and question the captain from the 1st.
Hello?! Is there anyone alive up here?!
Yo. I took care of anyone getting in our way.
I need your attention, Devil's Footprints.
Huh?
That fire that happened to you 12 years ago-- would you like to know about it?
What?
Who... are you?
You'd like to know right? About the fire your mother and brother died in?
About the day you became a devil?
How do you know about that?! Who are you?!
Get away from those crewmen!
Huh? What? You're more worried about these two than hearing about the fire?
You Fire Soldiers...
Okay, so you can't give me your attention.
Well then, guess I'll kill them.
Stop!
Ho...
Whoa...
What do you know about the fire? Tell me.
If you entertain me, I'll tell you.
So, let's see how many moves you can last.
Ashes?
Well, that was surprisingly easy.
Guess I'll kill you.
H-
He's gonna kill me...
Wow, that's a hell of a look on your face.
You can still smile, even in this situation? You're better than I thought.
As a reward, I'll give you your first hint about the truth of that fire.
Your younger brother...
...is still alive.
What? Sho is alive?
What do you mean?! Sho was burned to death, bones and all!
And besides, if he's alive, where has he been since the fire?!
At the time, Sho was still a one-year-old baby!
You think maybe someone is hiding something?
There's no way I could believe something like that!
What's the matter? Did that ring a bell?
Even if it's true, how would you know about it?
Why would you tell me about it?
What are you after? Why did you come all the way up here?!
So now you're deeply intrigued by me. Very good.
You do show a lot of promise, after all.
And from the way you're acting, do you have suspicions about the Fire Force?
Your mother died; that's nothing to sneeze at.
You want to know the truth, don't you?
Are you ready to stop playing hero, and seek out the truth
by joining me as a devil?
Be a hero or a devil, you say?
Screw you! No matter what you know, you still assaulted two Fire Soldiers!
I'm gonna kick your ass and take you in!
Well, this is disappointing.
That flying kick of yours leaves you wide open.
Heroes always do flying kicks!
That's incredible, isn't it? That's the firepower of the Devil!
Whoa, that startled me!
I'm sensing something icky up ahead.
I'm picking up a whiff of some awfully nasty danger.
I am not a knight-shaped seat cushion. Hurry up and move.
What are you doing underneath me, you sicko?!
I'm not a knight-shaped punching bag, either.
Hey!
Watch out!
I let this drag on too long, and now we're being interrupted.
Sorry to keep you waiting, "Infernal."
Arthur!
A suspicious man has snuck into the games facility!
He's brought harm to two crewmen who are now injured!
Go report this to the captains outside!
What?!
Don't lie to me. I'm gonna be the winner.
Huh?!
I'm gonna catch him!
Oh, you stupid knight!
How do you plan to catch me by waving that sword around?
Don't forget about me!
Caught you!
They're taking things this far in the Rookie Games?
Like I told you, the competition is on hold!
Shinra, if you insist on being a hero,
then go ahead and try to rescue every last person here.
More of those ashes?
What are those?
Ashes?
Later, Devil. If you ever feel like joining the Joker, I'll take you in.
Good luck with this.
We have to get out of here, now! It's gonna explode!
Arthur, cut through the ceiling! We'll head upward!
Only beautiful princesses may give orders to a knight.
Hmph, my cuts were too brilliant to let the ceiling fall down.
Move it! We're busting through the ceiling, right?
Grab on, both of you!
I'm saving them all!
Are you a hero, or are you a devil?
Damn it all, Fire Soldiers are heroes!
Arthur! Cat lady!
Save me!
God have mercy.
Captain Burns!
You get those two safely down on the ground.
Right!
Um, what about me?
Look down.
Don't punk out, Arthur!
Show us that 8th spirit!
That 8th spirit? All I'm doing is freefalling.
Ow...
It's lucky for me you're all so musclebound.
Who are you calling a gorilla cyclops?!
I never said that!
Is there anyone hurt?!
Hurry and evacuate!
It looks as though you took care of Tamaki, here.
I could have gotten out of there by myself.
Shinra, wasn't it? Thanks.
Your praise is more than I deserve. Thank you very much.
Shinra! Are you okay?!
I saw that! You saved all four of them! You're a hero, you know that?
Thank you very much!
All right, we'll be going now.
Tamaki, tell me what happened in there.
Yes, sir!
That's a good man you've got there.
I ran into a suspicious man inside.
Someone who could control explosions with a mysterious powder.
The explosions were a lot like the ones at that fire scene the other day.
The man seemed to know something.
Captain, is the Special Fire Force hiding something?
Shinra...
The Special Fire Force really is fighting for the good of the people, right?
I became a Fire Soldier to keep people safe.
Fire Soldiers really are heroes who fight the flame terror, right?
Yes, they are. On the other hand,
the Special Fire Force isn't exactly one monolithic organization.
The Fire Force was formed by combining personnel from three bodies--
the Holy Sol Temple, the Tokyo Armed Forces, and the Fire Defense Agency.
Moreover, each of them has different levels of influence at each company.
The influence of the Holy Sol Temple is strong at the 1st.
The 2nd reports directly to the Tokyo Armed Forces.
At the 5th, the real power is held by Haijima Industries.
Haijima?
How is Haijima in so deep?
All of the equipment that we use is made by Haijima.
The Special Fire Force could not operate without Haijima.
They have a monopoly on product orders,
and control vast amounts of capital and interests.
Of course, each company's duty is to put Infernals to rest,
to seek out the cause of spontaneous human combustion,
and fight on behalf of the people.
However, each company keeps the information they find out to themselves,
and nothing is shared.
Some of it may be information about the truth behind human combustion.
I believe it to be a just organization,
but there may be some companies that have their own dubious motives.
Since I can't completely trust them, I'm also suspicious of the Fire Force.
Then, sir, what is our objective at the 8th?
We at the 8th are a body
that some on the Fire Defense Agency strong-armed into creation,
with me as its captain, comprised of members that they could trust--
to investigate Companies 1 through 7, and zero in on the truth.
Does that mean...?
The Special Fire Force should already know the cause of the Infernals.
I want to find what it is, and save people.
Please allow me to help you with that investigation, sir.
Thanks. I'm glad I called you into the 8th.
"To be continued"
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you
We've been walking shoulder-to-shoulder
between sights we never reach
and pain that brings no warmth
to make it to a faraway place
Given the hope that you speak of
or the ideals that you dream of
I'll find a way to show you love, however cold you may be
You can toil your way through humorless days
and curse the unwavering present,
but words that simply hang in the air
are not enough to save you You can cry out timidly
but that changes when the nights grow fevered
Even if we let go of each other's hands,
I hope we can still walk together again
I'll refrain from saying goodbye
to ensure that we can meet again somewhere
"Next time"
"Episode 4: The Hero and the Princess"